Our process became much less administration heavy in the last two phases. When the project began we followed an Agile approach where we tracked dev tickets in JIRA and had biweekly meetings which acted as both scrums and planning (actual daily scrums were done online via Slack chat). As the semester carried on and each team member's availability became progressively rarer, we cut down on meetings outside of in-class discussions, and relied more heavily on Slack chat as our process management tool. Between that and Google hangouts, it was easy to figure out who was working on what.

This process is far less than ideal, but it's what we adopted out of necessity; despite the name of the course, we are not a software engineering team. We are 5 computer science students who can only dedicate so much time to this project compared to the rest of our studies. If we were actually working on this project 40 hours a week, it would be much more realistic to follow Agile with all of the process, ticket tracking, 15 minute scrums, and one planning and retrospective meeting per 2 week long sprint. Moreover, only a small portion of our team had prior knowledge on setting up web applications and this also hindered our process. It's hard to say if this would actually be the ideal process for our team given how abnormal this development situation is, and how small the sample size of a couple months work is, but it was pretty clear that 1 week iterations were too short for our team; ticket completion for phases usually clumped together in one iteration instead of getting spread out.
