Abarticulus is personal organiser designed to limit the amount of effort it takes to keep track of school deadlines. Through clever integration of Google Calendar and ROSI, we allow U of T students to work together to maintain their schedule. The most important features our product has over what was outlined in the original handout are: the continuous syncing of our events to your Google Account, and automatic timetable generation from our users' ROSI credentials. We chose to focus on the former for reasons outlined in previous reports: security, speed, Android support, accessibility. The latter was a time-saving feature we hadn't originally planned to implement in our MVP, but during the course of the project, priority shifted and we picked it up instead of features we had planned.

Honestly, we expect users to want use our app as little as possible, the truth is that maintaining a schedule/organiser is a huge chore. With that in mind, we focused on making AbArticulus as easy to use as we could, this means being able to get value from our app without having to be on it. The typical use case is simply signing up, grabbing your courses from ROSI, and having all our event info show up on your Google Account. Of course, more involved users will want to actually sign in to our app, vote/comment on events and contribute, but the general case is the one with the greatest ease of use. What we imagine in this flow is a U of T student who's already signed into gmail navigating to our site, signing up via 3 clicks and a typed email address: one to allow us access to their Calendar data, another to authenticate their already signed-in account, entering their Utormail, then the last click to follow the verification link we sent them. Next, setting up their schedule is as simple as the user going to our calendar creation menu and entering their ROSI credentials to have us populate their lecture times automatically. Once they subscribe to events related to their courses, there's no need for the user to do anything else in our app, everying is visible in their Google Calendar.